In this lecture I will show you how to migrate to J-Unit five or how to use the annotations in Junit
5 to do that.
Let's get rid of all these imports from here.
Delete all of them.
Go to the first error.
where it says before cannot be resolved in Junit four if you want a particular method to run before every
test used at before but now in junit 5 its called
If you hit control one on this it says change to before all if you do that it will run before all the
tests.
Only once that is one's for the entire junit test should use before each.
If you use that annotation from org dot junit dot jupiter  dot API then this set up method will be executed
before each and every test we have and the test annotation itself is from a different package we
can still continue using the test annotation.
But if we hit Control 1 you should imported from org dot j-Unit dot Jupiter dot API instead of directly importing
it from org dot J-Unit.
So that error is gone as well.
Now the assert not null these should come from assertions which is the class from Jupiter API again  import assertions
from org dot J-Unit dot Jupiter dot API.
So everything still remains the same it's just a matter of changing the imports and their names.
So we have changed it to assertions now from Jupiter API.
You can copy this and paste it on the next assert as well.
That will resolve resolve most of the errors and the after We'll come back to expected in the next lecture
But the after annotations which marks a method to be executed after each and every test method in the
Junit API has been changed to if we hit control one after each use.
After all that means after all the tests are executed that the tear down will be invoked.
But we want this method to be invoked after each and every test.
The cleanup should happen so use after each instead of after.
So in this lecture we have used 3 new annotations or at least two new annotations and old annotation.
One old annotation from a new package.
Before each annotation when you mark  a method with that that method will be used as a set up and
it will be executed before each and every test method and the method that is marked with after each will
be executed after each test method is run so we can do any clean up in their.
And also the test annotation itself is from a org dot junit dot
Jupiter package in the next Lecture will fix how we handle exceptions or how we test for exceptions.